What does this kid want to say to feel good?
Jay Chou, the time is coming soon,
If you can't find Jay Chou, can I take you there?
No need, learn people to learn such things,
He can also dig, and I will teach him well later.
Now that Mengyang and Lifeng are here,
Will it last long? Let’s start quickly.
Don't worry about taking the time.
Jay Chou, I didn’t know that Jay Chou is the only mother in your family.
The important person responsible for the final reception,
But I am already in my twenties.
Thoughtful
Where is this young man?
There will always be a special balance, please let me know
I just happen to be making a video here
You want to come and take a look
Li Ke has something to say
You are making trouble here
I don't agree with you
show me what
Why don't you show it to everyone?
What is good in your hand?
Since it was Chairman Zhou who said it, then we
Let's go out and have a look
I do it every week
Total red mall for decades
I'm not afraid of anyone threatening Jay Chou yet
Do you want to think about it?
Don't blame us for not reminding you